Template updates (#447)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: _dropin-templates/dropin-styles.mdx

---
title: DROPIN_NAME styles
description: Learn how to style the DROPIN_NAME drop-in component using its CSS classes.
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

import CodeImport from '@components/CodeImport.astro';
import Diagram from '@components/Diagram.astro';
import Callouts from '@components/Callouts.astro';

The CSS classes for each UI component that provides the DROPIN_NAME drop-in component with its UI are provided here. Override these classes and add new classes to customize the look and feel of your DROPIN_NAME to match your specific style requirements.

## Customizing your DROPIN_NAME styles

The quickest way to override the DROPIN_NAME CSS is to inspect the DROPIN_NAME UI from your browser's developer tools.

<Diagram caption="Find CSS classes to override.">
  ![Find CSS classes to override](@images/placeholder.webp)
</Diagram>

<Callouts>

1. **Inspect the element** in the UI that you want to customize (right-click on the element and select "Inspect" from the menu).

> 1. **Identify the CSS class(es)** for the element. We use [BEM naming](https://getbem.com/naming/), which makes it easy to know which component you're changing (and which CSS file to use). This class styles the component, so use your `DROPIN_NAME.css` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Identify the CSS class(es)** for the element. We use [BEM naming](https://getbem.com/naming/), which makes it easy to know which component you're changing (and which CSS file to use). This class styles the component, so use your own stylesheet file.
```

> 1. **Copy the CSS class** to your `DROPIN_NAME.css` file to override the existing rules or add new rules to the class. But wait! Look closely 🧐 at the CSS class. It's using **design tokens**. And when you see a design token within a CSS rule, don't remove the token. Instead, change the token's value (where it's defined) OR create a new token along-side this existing one to ensure maintenance and updates continue to benefit from global design token usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Copy the CSS class** to your stylesheet file to override the existing rules or add new rules to the class. But wait! Look closely 🧐 at the CSS class. It's using **design tokens**. And when you see a design token within a CSS rule, don't remove the token. Instead, change the token's value (where it's defined) OR create a new token along-side this existing one to ensure maintenance and updates continue to benefit from global design token usage.
```
